Add licenses to info/licenses (#300)
conda/conda-pypi: docs/features.md

support for package conversion, ensuring that converted packages work
across different operating systems and architectures.

The wheel’s SPDX-style `License-Expression` (or legacy `License` field) is
copied into conda metadata (`license` in `info/index.json` and `about.json`).

> When the wheel lists files under PEP 639 `License-File`, those files are also
> copied into `info/licenses/` in the `.conda` package, and `about.json` records
> their paths in `license_file`. Resolution checks `.dist-info/<path>`,
> `.dist-info/licenses/<basename>` for single-segment entries (as used by many
> current wheels, e.g. PyPI `packaging`), then the parent of `.dist-info`.
> 

Reviewer: If the parent fallback is dropped, update this to match. Resolution is just `.dist-info/<path>` (legacy) and `.dist-info/licenses/<path>` (PEP 639). Also `license_file` in `about.json` is deprecated per CEP 34, so the mention of recording paths there could be dropped.

```suggestion
The wheel's SPDX-style `License-Expression` (or legacy `License` field) is
copied into conda metadata (`license` in `info/index.json` and `about.json`).
When the wheel lists files under PEP 639 `License-File`, those files are also
copied into `info/licenses/` in the `.conda` package. Resolution checks
`.dist-info/<path>` (pre-PEP 639 wheels) and `.dist-info/licenses/<path>`
(PEP 639, Metadata-Version 2.4+).
```
